Hello everyone. Welcome to a new episode of The
Dissenter. I'm your host, as always, Ricard Lops, and
today I'm joined by Doctor Christina Bichierri. She's, she's
SJ Patterson, Harvey Professor of Social Thought and Comparative
Ethics at the University of Pennsylvania. And today we're
going to talk about social norms from the perspective
of game theory, how to foster social change, and
some other related topics. So, Doctor Bichiri, welcome to
the show. It's a pleasure to everyone.
Thank you.
So, before getting into details here, first of all,
what are social norms? How do you approach them
in
your
work?
OK, good question. Uh, IF you look, uh, you
know, at various definition in the social sciences, um,
which I did when I started getting interested in,
you know, uh, defining social norms, uh, you find
a variety of definition from common behavior, OK, to,
uh, Uh, clusters of expectations, etc. And uh, what
I decided to do and is clear in my
2006 book, The Grammar of Society, where I give
what I think is an important and measurable definition
because measurement is very important, is a social norm,
uh, is, uh, basically A behavioral rule, OK, that
is supported by a social norm, right? By two
types of social expectation. On the one hand, we
have what I call empirical expectations. I, people believe
that other people that matter to them follow that
particular rule. When I say other people that matter
to them, I say something very important because very
often is left really in the vague, you know,
you know, uh, expectation about who and it's very
important, especially measurement to define very, very specifically what
I call the reference network, OK, I, the people
that matter to me. Their behavior matter to me.
It's not everybody in the world, but is maybe
specific people, specific populations, specific groups, and so on
and so forth. So the first type of expectation
is what I call empirical expectation, how do these
people behave in a set of particular circumstances. The
second very important expectation, what I call normative expectation,
that is what we believe are the normative beliefs,
OK, of the people that matter to us in
this particular circumstance and case. So, it's a second
order belief. What do I believe that they think
is acceptable, that they think is right to do,
that they think is wrong to do, that they
would punish or they would really ostracize us if
we don't do that, etc. ETC. So there are
these two components in social norm, the empirical and
the normative, and basically the Social expectation that support
the social norm are both empirical and normative. Now,
it is also very important to realize that we
can have all the expectation in the world and
do nothing. You know, oh yeah, yeah, yeah, people,
people pay their taxes, sure, and people think it's
all right, sure, but I will not, OK. And
so for a social norm to exist, it's very
important that this expectation have a causal influence on
behavior. I, I, I define it by saying that
my preference for behaving one way or another is
conditional on this expectation. So there are expectation. And
preference conditional on this expectation. Without all these components,
you don't have a social norm. Now, it's very
important that you may tell me, hey, wait a
moment, but there are norms that don't include normative
expectation. Yes, and I call them descriptive norms, like
convention, you know, how to dress at a party.
YOU know, where to put the fork when you
eat, etc. ETC. ARE all behavior that very much
depend on my expectations by belief of what other
people do, but there is no normative component. Typically,
norms emerge when there is a conflict between my
personal welfare. And the collective welfare. We have social
norms. They emerge exactly to, uh, you know, bring
to a close in some sense this conflict.
Mhm. But then why are social norms important? I
mean, what roles do they play in human societies?
Well, Crucial. Uh, WHEN we think of important things
like coordination, cooperation, uh, you know, having a society
at all, you know, social norms are these coordinating
devices. OK. They are, if you want to use
a game theoretic word, they are equilibria. OK, in
society, what does it mean that they are equilibrium?
It means that our expectations, OK, are correct because
behind the Nash equilibrium there are correct expectations and
our expectations are correct, which means that they are
consistent and they turn out to be right. OK,
this is very, very important. So in society, coordinating
activities, basically knowing what to do in a variety
of situations, knowing what it's OK to do and
what's not OK to do is crucial. It's crucial
to social life. Think of the chaos we would
live in if this didn't happen. And think of,
of something else. Think of you being a foreigner
and going in different countries where you don't know
the rules and think of the anxiety and confusion
and difficulty that you encounter. And think of a
place without rules, without norms, you will have, you
know, it will be basically maybe. Uh, uh, HOMO
homini lupus like Hobbes described the state of nature.
It would be like a state of nature. Mhm.
Yeah, yeah, right, I mean, I would imagine that
would be certainly the case. So, I mean, one
thing that, uh, I find really interesting when thinking
about social norms is about how, uh, they seem
to be. STABLE sometimes, other times they change, and
sometimes they even seem to change very quickly. So
how do you approach those aspects of social norms?
So for example, tell us first about what is
norm strength and norm stability. Tell us about these
two concepts and how they affect norm change.
Yeah, this is a very important, uh, uh, important
ideas now. Uh, NORM strength typically measured the status
quo. You ask, is this norm that exists strong,
and I can give you a definition of strength,
but before that, I want to separate stability. Stability
is a measure of dynamics. So one is a
static, the other is a dynamic. Often people confuse
the two, they should never be confused. There are
lots of common elements but also differences. Now, uh,
what do I mean when I say enormous strong?
There are 3 elements. One is that social expectations
are consistent. So our social expectations are not different
from the social expectation of other people. There is
internal consistency. Second, they are accurate. So our expectation
predict behavior. Indeed, OK, so there is accuracy of
expectation, not only behavior, but we all also predict
the normative beliefs of other people. So, We more
or less well understand what people accept or reject,
what people like or dislike, uh, uh, in, in
the normative sense. The third element, so there is
consistency, accuracy, but also specificity. What does it mean?
It means that a norm is not usually just
one thing. That is usually a small set of
acceptable behaviors. Think of fairness. Fairness can mean, may
mean different things, but we sort of accept in
different situations what fairness may mean. So give more
to the needy person. Or give more to the
meritorious person or give equally and merit need equality,
you know, have not to be in conflict, but
in certain situation with privilege, fairness. MERIT versus other
fairness as needed, etc. So, specific city, uh, which
is part of our strength, means collective agreement over
a set of acceptable behaviors, OK? So, The question
is, how many behaviors instantiate the norm and usually,
you know, is a relatively uh minor set, basically,
but is usually collectively accepted. And we see that
when we do experimental work. Think of trust games.
In trust game we measure trust and we measure
reciprocity and trust just means, uh, you know, I
give you, let's say $4 and you decide how
much of $4 you give to an anonymous responder.
And the interesting thing, whatever the anonymous responder receive
is multiplied by me. 3 times, let's say. So
if you give 4, the other receives 12. Now,
what is reciprocity? And you see that, you know,
people accept that reciprocity is maybe I give back
the 4. You know, to the investor, or I
give 5, or I give half of what I
receive 6, or maybe I give it a little
more, etc. So reciprocity is interpreted as a set
of possible actions, basically. But it's all agreed that
that this is reciprocity. Yeah, it may not be
strong, it may be weaker, but it's still reciprocity.
So this is an example basically that there are
many different behaviors that may instantiate the norm, but
it's very important for norm strength that the number
is not infinite and that is sort of restricted
and there is agreement about that. There is a
collective agreement. So we have consistency, accurate, specificity. Now,
you asked me about uh norm stability. This is
interesting. Again, stability is dynamics, you know, a norm
may be very strong but become unstable and I
will tell you the recent study I have done.
OK. Now, uh, I have argued in the past
when I was looking at, uh, uh, modeling with
game theory that the social norm is not an
evolutionary stable strategy. It's an evolutionarily stable state. What
does it mean? The state is represented by several
conditional strategies, and I did this publish an experiment
with the Trust gates. And, you know, suppose you
are an alien and come and look at our
world and see. You know, that people trust and
reciprocate, trust and reciprocate. That's very interesting. So you
believe what there is clearly, you know, a reciprocity,
norm and people trust, this is the rule. But
what lies behind, and I showed that, is that
there are, you know, this regular behavioral pattern. Under
is underlined by many different strategies. So one strategy
is always trust, never reciprocate. Don't trust, always reciprocate.
And you have a show, it's interesting because in
this paper, I show that a minority of very
moral people can only exist when there is a
population of punishers because a, a moral minority could
never exist alone. That's, that's an interesting result. But
basically, what I say is that the social norm.
Uh, YOU know, to be stable is an evolutionary
stable state, which is represented by several conditional strategies.
OK. Now, uh, I also show in some other
paper that stability is also related to what I
call norm sensitivity. What does I mean norm sensitivity?
Norm sensitivity means it's a parameter you can measure
how much I care about what the norms stands
for. And think of a society in which people
care a lot about fairness, OK? And what does
it mean? It means they have interjected in some
sense, the norm, OK? And this is very important.
So it's still a social norm, but it's become
part of my thinking, who I am. I am
the kind of person that really care about fairness.
So it's very important that stability is also related
to a sort of interjecting of the norm, of
a norm sensitivity. People with, what does it mean
that if we, if a population have a very
high norm sensitivity, they will have a very high
threshold for change. OK. It's not enough that like
they see a 30% people changing for them to
change or be invaded by a population like if
we are a majority, a minority invades a minority,
let's say they don't behave fairly, uh, it will
be very difficult, uh, you know, for a population
with a very high threshold to change. Now, Uh,
my recent study, my recent study, uh, uh, thinking
about, again, norm stability, I ask a different question.
I say, hey, We think of threshold, we think
of, uh, you know, sens sensitivity, etc. BUT we
never study different learning models. We learn differently. And
in a recent study that I'm going to publish
soon, uh, I and a postdoc of mine. Bake
soon. What we look at is 3 different learning
modes. One is a traditional Bayesian. The other is
a limited memory Bayesian, and the third is people
with confirmation bias. Uh, DO I need to explain
what confirmation bias is? No,
I've already explored that topic several times on the
show, so,
uh, OK. And so suppose you have two groups.
A is a majority and B is a minority,
and what we do is, uh, A may be
traditional Bayesian and B can be confirmation bias, or
a limited memory and B. Uh, TYPICAL Bayesians, etc.
ETC. AND the interesting thing. Is the learning mode
determines what happens. So a norm in the majority
can be completely stable, but depending on the interaction
of the learning modes of majority and minority, the
norm may completely decay. And the threshold for the
minority which is needed to overcome the majority depends
on the combination of learning models. I think it's
a very interesting result and nobody looks at that
because I think the important thing is that, well,
we receive data. How we, how do we process
this data? And uh, uh, you know, what we
do is show that the learning modes and the
combination learning modes. Uh, DETERMINED the threshold needed to
change the social norm, which is crucial.
OK, and so, and how do you study the
effects of social norms on individual decision making? I
mean, how, what influences our choice to obey or
disobey a social norm?
OK. There are, you know, various, because theoretically I
say in the abstract, I say you have conditional
preferences, OK. If I have social expectations and conditional
preference, means social expectation, cause. You know, my behavior.
Now, the, the question you may ask is, oh,
yeah, how do they cause my behavior? What's there?
And on the one hand, there may be fear
of punishment. OK. This is one of the reasons
why people obey norms. You know, they fear, uh,
being reprimanded. The punishment doesn't mean severe punishment, you
know, you go to jail. It's not a legal
thing, but it may mean you will be ostracized,
you will be judged negatively, your reputation. You know,
will suffer, etc. ETC. So, we are social animals
and so very often, you know, we obey norm,
even if we're not really Agreeing with the norm
because there are lots of social consequences for not
doing that. So this is one of the many
reasons, but there are also good reasons. Sometimes we
like what the norm stands for. The important thing
is that This distinguishing my view, the moral and
the social. Even if I like what the norms
stand for, and so, you know, I appreciate the
fact that people support it, I support it too,
it's not a moral norm for me as long
as the social expectations matter. OK, I see morality
as basically independent of social expectations. OK, so I
may obey a norm because I think it's right,
I think it's good, but it's still a social
norm in the sense that it is important to
me. That there are people who obey it, who
support it, etc. I appreciate that. I support that,
but maybe if nobody did that, I wouldn't do
it.
Yes. So in your work, and now to illustrate
how social norms change, in your work you've explored
the example of norms surrounding child marriage. So could
you tell us about that example and tell us
about how norms change or changed in that particular
case?
Yeah, that's a, that's a very interesting question. I
did a lot of work in developing world. In
India and Africa, etc. AND, uh, one important, uh,
one important, uh, uh, behavior has always been child
marriage, where, uh, as soon as the girls, uh,
reaches puberty, you know, she gets, uh, she gets
married and so she cannot study, she cannot have
a more fulfilling life and so on and so
forth. And the, the question for me was at
the beginning to understand. What is it? Why families
do that? OK. That may be, uh, purely economic
reason. In the sense that, uh, in places where
mortality, youth mortality is very high, you know, it
is important, you know, to, to marry younger. Have
children early, etc. But, you know, when this is
not the case, uh, uh. What are, what are
the reasons? Are there moral reason, religious reason, etc.
And in order to understand what the reasons are,
you have to do measurement. OK. And to do
measurement, we do, uh, two different things. On the
one hand, we ask people, you know, uh, what
do you think your neighbor do, you know, in
your village, how many people marry, blah, blah, blah.
What do you think people believe about that? Have
you married your daughters? Do you plan to do
that, etc. ETC. Then, and so we may see
that there is a correlation between the expectations and
the behavior. Correlation is not causation. And so what
we do, we present people with vignettes, OK? And
vignettes are these hypothetical stories about somebody very similar
to them. That is Faith that goes to a
different place, a different village, very similar, but, you
know, not the same, and discovers that most people
do not marry. Their young daughters and most people,
you know, uh, dislike marrying them, or many people
do and many people agree, or few do, but
many agree, or many do a few agree. And
each person gets only one cell is a factorial
2 by 2. And what we try to discover
is whether social expectation do matter. I Are we
facing a social norm? Or not. And um very
interesting, yes. My answer often is, yes, we're facing
the social norm. There are people, among all these
people, there's a majority that is a social norm
bound, let's say. There are people who do that
for moral and religious reasons, you see that, but
it's a small minority, usually what you see. I,
uh, is basically, uh, is a social norm. But
you have to have these two measures basically. On
the one hand, you measure behavior and expectations, see
if there is a correlation, but then you want
to see, you know, with the hypothetical vignettes, whether
this correlation is causally relevant. There is causation. When
there is, then I conclude that, yes, it is
a social norm. The next question is, how do
you change it? Yes. So, uh,
let me ask you about a few other factors
that might play a role in rule following and
norm compliance. So first of all, what is the
influence of group identity and peer effects on rule
following?
I think, uh, I think it's, uh, is important.
Uh, IT is important, especially. Uh, YOU know, uh,
let's go back for a moment. Social norms are
often local. What does it mean local? It means
that certain norms define a group. OK. Uh, I,
I remember I was reading uh a very interesting
book about California jails and in California jails, there
are different groups of, uh, um, Basically criminals, but
each group has different tattoos. And they, their identity
is very much visible and determined by the tattoos,
etc. AND it's very interesting because when they were
interviewed, somebody said that if, uh, you know, they
do something wrong. We will slash them and take
away the food, etc. It's very interesting why, why
I find it interesting because groups have norms. And
these norms are local, and your question is identity
linked to norms? Yes. Absolutely. There are norms that
specify my being a member of that particular group.
I mean, of course, uh, we have lived with
women versus men, femininity versus masculinity norms, it's a
sexual behavior norms, etc. ETC. So I'm not saying
something new here, but norms really are very much
linked. Uh, TO identity. In more traditional society, they
are very strongly linked to identity. In more modern
society, they are much less so, and this may
cause problems actually, but, uh, uh, yes, they are
linked to identity. They is a way of saying
I am a woman or I am a member
of this gang and not another gang, etc. ETC.
They are identifiers in some sense, yes.
And so that can actually, uh, I, I mean,
of course it's not exactly the same thing, but
uh I imagine that uh other kinds of language
would also play a role in norm perception and
norm compliance, like for example, when we use normative
language like you should. You ought to, you must,
uh, so how does normative language actually shape norm
perception and norm compliance?
Uh, IT'S very, thank you. It's a very important
question, um, especially in behavioral economics, um, people have
used the language. Without paying much attention to that.
And so I published a, a, a study, uh,
with a graduate student of mine, uh, Jinny Kwang,
in which uh what we did, we look at
different ways of describing normative expectation, should, right, out,
good, acceptable. Permissible, etc. And what we notice is
that When there is a very strong norm like
reciprocity, you know, in a trust game, it doesn't
matter. You know, you can use interchangeably these words.
Instead, we, we, if we play a game of
charity, you know, and charity is not a strong
norm. Therefore, the charity story. The language matters a
lot. And when you say acceptable, OK. OK. When
you say should and right, people get nervous and
upset and say, why should I, etc. So using
the language is very important because we give really
different meanings to these expressions and if a norm
is very strong, well established, it doesn't matter. But
if it's not, beware. Be a minimalist, I would
say.
Uh, SO I would like to ask you about
this idea of norm nudging. What is norm nudging
and how, uh, how does it work?
OK, um, nudging, let's start with nudging, uh, you
know, nudging, uh, uh, is, um, idea, you know,
uh, introduced a few years ago, uh, about, uh,
basically how can we change people's behavior, uh, in
a less expensive way, you know, without introducing economic
incentives or legal incentives, etc. And, uh, um, and
nudging was very much related to, uh, like, how
I nudge you to take your medicine, how I
nudge you to invest in a 401k, etc. ETC.
And uh after that, people started getting really interested
in norm nudging. So How do we nudge people
to change norms or how can we create, uh,
you know, uh, social norms, etc. And, uh, interestingly,
and I've, I've worked on that, of course, and
interestingly enough, uh, first of all, my, my, yes,
OK, my friends, before everything, let's Be clear about
what is a social norm, you know, and uh
if you take my definition, nudging means changing people's
expectations. OK. First of all, you measure people's expectation
and then you say, OK, this is what they
expect. Maybe these expectations are completely wrong. Think of
pluralistic ignorance, then we tell them, no, no, no,
no, no, you know, statistically speaking, people, you know,
uh, support other behavior or, you know, they are
just right in thinking, you know, oh. You know,
uh, most people in this country. ARE corrupt and
is right. OK. And what does it mean no
nudging here? You cannot lie to people saying, oh,
you know, it's false. Most people do. I think
an interesting, uh, and we're still thinking about that
and how to do that, but an interesting way
is to show a dynamic. I, to show people
that, OK, up to now, only 5%, you know,
were refusing, rejecting corruption, but after this campaign, now
we are 12% and it's increasing and people seem
to respond to a positive dynamics. Now we have
to verify that. It has to be shown in
different areas, but I think it's very interesting because
norm nudging very often is about, you know, changing
really bad and persistent and, you know, uh, observable
sometimes behaviors. And so this is very important. Norm
nudging, I think you have, first of all, to
measure, you know, whether it is a norm and
what, what are the expectation, empirical normative, and then
work mostly on empirical expectation because in other work
I have done, we show that when empirical and
normative diverge, the empirical wins. You know, you may
tell me, yeah, people think that it's wrong too,
but then they do it. I'm sorry. I look
at what they do.
Yes, that's totally fair. So let me ask you
then, which, what kinds of strategies can we adopt
to foster social change?
Well, uh, you are asking within the norm environment
because we can foster social change in many different
ways. Uh, BUT norm environment means first of all,
uh, we can do, uh, we can do two
things. On the one hand, we may identify norms
that we want to change, or we may think
there is no norm here, but we want to
create one. So these are two very, very different
things. For example, I did, uh, for 5 years,
I worked in India for the Gates Foundation, studying
sanitation. At the beginning, people thought that open defecation
was a norm. No, it's not a norm. It's
a collective habit, OK? And the question is, can
we create a norm of using proper sanitation? Can
it be done? And we conducted a lot of
studies in two different states in India, one richer,
one poorer, and uh we got basically the same
answer that uh what we need is, uh, is
cheaper in a sense, is to create a purely
descriptive norm. OK, that the more people see other
people using proper sanitation, toilets, the more they will
do that. Now, what you can see also is
that You know, there is a really a passage
when more and more people do something and it
stabilizes, then the normative comes. Then they start thinking,
oh, it's the right thing to do. But you
don't start trying to put into people's minds this
is the right thing to do because it's not
going to be helpful. In that case, in the
case of sanitation, you show basically that there is
an increasing number of people using it. People imitate
each other and, uh, you know, a descriptive norm
will be born and it was successful actually. It,
uh, it was born. And once a descriptive norm
becomes very stable, then it may become a social
norm. Then people may think, oh, this is the
right thing to do. This is what we normally,
uh, are sort of Uh, I don't know if,
uh, if it's something, uh, natural to humans, but
what happens, uh, if you look at children, children,
uh, infer normativity from observations. So, we are built.
To basically generate normativity from the descriptive. And so
social norm may be born out of creating the
scriptive norm, for example.
So I have one last question then, and of
course this is a much broader global issue that
we have to try to tackle, but can we
apply this knowledge to fight climate change?
To language change.
Uh, I mean, the, the different kinds of strategies
we've talked about here to, uh, to try to,
uh, nudge people's behaviors or change social norms in
a way that would help mitigate climate change.
Oh, climate change. Uh. Uh, YEAH, uh, first of
all, this is interesting. I have students that study
climate change, etc. AND the, the question is, uh,
first of all, One thing is thinking in general
about climate change, and the second is what are
individual behaviors that can be helpful, that can mitigate.
These are two very different things. So, you know,
individual behavior, uh, can be, for example, um, buying
less meat. OK, because buying less meat, etc. AND
the question is, do people So, suppose that I
realize that uh huge meat production, consumption, etc. IS
damaging to the environment. The question is that What,
what sort of effect will this have on my
own meat consumption? OK, I have, in order, suppose
I am a meat eater and I like it,
but I also care about climate change. Would I
stop eating meat? Even if I believe that people
are still consuming it. Will I stop travel by
air, even if I see, you know, that everybody,
uh, you know, is, uh, traveling by air, etc.
So is, is, am I going to restrict myself
when I observe very little restriction around me? So
with climate change, I think uh is uh is
very, very important. The government. Intervention I think this
is an area where government have to because we
always think of nudging little things, etc. BUT climate
change is an enormous phenomenon and so I think
it's very important that government are the first inducers.
OK, of, uh, uh, mitigation. Very, very important. It's
very interesting because in American culture, you always think
it's the individual, but it's not just the individual.
In this case, you need a very strong government
intervention. This may lead us also to change behavior,
but you need that because it's such a massive
major. You know, set of events that, you know,
yes, I may consume less electricity, but you know,
and it's very interesting, Ricardo, I have to tell
you something. Speaking of electricity, all these studies about
nudging people to use less, less electricity in California,
etc. YOU know, Uh, they have a good effect,
but how long does it last? Not long. OK.
OK. So this is another very important thing. We
need longitudinal studies to see that norm nudging really
has an effect. It will, I believe, but we
need uh more studies to understand when it declines,
why. Mhm.
Great. So, Doctor Biccierri, just before we go, where
can people find your work on the internet?
Oh, you know, uh, Everywhere you can go on
Google and, uh, and you put the dates, uh,
because Google, um, you know, shows basically uh the
most quoted first, etc. BUT you should put, uh,
I think a better way is to put the
year on. So you put 2026, 2025, and so,
and you see, uh, I wrote more than 200
articles and uh, the books that uh I recommend
on norms, uh, the 2006 book, The Grammar of
Society, where I really define social norms. But in
that book, I didn't have any idea of acting
on norms, measuring norms, etc. AND only after that
book, I started doing applied work. And a summary
of my applied work is a book published in
2016 called Norm in the wild, where I discuss
exactly how to change norm and what to do
and uh what sort of economically legal nudging, uh,
the role of transsetters and all that. And now
I'm preparing a new book about poverty and norms
that basically, uh, keep people in a poverty trap.
Uh, IT'S related to America. I didn't do a
study of other countries, but I did a major
study of, um, American rural, urban, and I think
it's, I get very interesting results. So this is
the next project.
Very good. So, Doctor Biccierri, thank you so much
for taking the time to come on the show.
It's been a pleasure to, uh, to talk to
you.
Thank you very much.
Hi guys, thank you for watching this interview until
the end. If you liked it, please share it,
leave a like and hit the subscription button. The
show is brought to you by Enlights Learning and
Development done differently. Check their website at enlights.com and
also please consider supporting the show on Patreon or
PayPal. I would also like to give a huge
thank you to my main patrons and PayPal supporters,
Perergo Larsson, Jerry Muller, Frederick Sundo, Bernard Seyaz Olaf,
Alex, Adam Cassel, Matthew Whittingbird, Arnaud Wolff, Tim Hollis,
Eric Elena, John Connors, Philip Forrest Connolly. Then Dmitri
Robert Windegeru Inai Zu Mark Nevs, Colin Holbrookfield, Governor,
Michel Stormir, Samuel Andrea, Francis Forti Agnun, Svergoro, and
Hal Herzognon, Michel Jonathan Labrarith, John Yardston, and Samuel
Curric Hines, Mark Smith, John Ware, Tom Hammel, Sardusran,
David Sloan Wilson, Yasilla Dezaraujo Romain Roach, Diego Londono
Correa. Yannik Punteran Ruzmani, Charlotte Blis Nicole Barbaro, Adam
Hunt, Pavlostazevski, Alec Baka Madison, Gary G. Alman, Semov,
Zal Adrian Yei Poltonin, John Barboza, Julian Price, Edward
Hall, Edin Bronner, Douglas Fry, Franco Bartolatti, Gabriel P
Scortez or Suliliski, Scott Zachary Fish, Tim Duffy, Sony
Smith, and Wiseman. Daniel Friedman, William Buckner, Paul Georg
Jarno, Luke Lovai, Georgios Theophanous, Chris Williamson, Peter Wolozin,
David Williams, Di Acosta, Anton Ericsson, Charles Murray, Alex
Shaw, Marie Martinez, Coralli Chevalier, Bangalore atheists, Larry D.
Lee Junior. Old Eringbon. Esterri, Michael Bailey, then Spurber,
Robert Grassy, Zigoren, Jeff McMahon, Jake Zul, Barnabas Raddix,
Mark Kempel, Thomas Dovner, Luke Neeson, Chris Story, Kimberly
Johnson, Benjamin Galbert, Jessica Nowicki, Linda Brendan, Nicholas Carlson,
Ismael Bensleyman. George Ekoriati, Valentine Steinmann, Per Crawley, Kate
Van Goler, Alexander Ebert, Liam Dunaway, BR, Massoud Ali
Mohammadi, Perpendicular, Jannes Hetner, Ursula Guinov, Gregory Hastings, David
Pinsov, Sean Nelson, Mike Levin, and Jos Necht. A
special thanks to my producers Iar Webb, Jim Frank,
Lucas Stink, Tom Vanneden, Bernardine Curtis Dixon, Benedict Mueller,
Thomas Trumbull, Catherine and Patrick Tobin, John Carlo Montenegro,
Al Nick Cortiz, and Nick Golden, and to my
executive producers, Matthew Lavender, Sergio Quadrian, Bogdan Kanis, and
Rosie. Thank you for all.